Parse the future data from new table (#104)
policy-design-lab/data-import: CHANGELOG.md

- Renaming items for title I [#84](https://github.com/policy-design-lab/data-import/issues/84)
- Renaming items for title II [#85](https://github.com/policy-design-lab/data-import/issues/85)
- Renaming Pastured cropland to Grassland in CSP json files [#92](https://github.com/policy-design-lab/data-import/issues/92)

> - Remap Virgion Island to state abbreviation VI in EQIP IRA output json files [#106](https://github.com/policy-design-lab/data-import/issues/106)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remap Virgin Islands to abbreviation VI in EQIP IRA output json files [#106](https://github.com/policy-design-lab/data-import/issues/106)
```

Author: Changed it.
